# GPT-Based-AI-Agent-K-Means-Clustering-Categorization-AI

This project consists of two AI codes: one GPT-based AI Agent and one K-means clustering categorization AI

For the GPT-based AI agent, its purpose is to select certain tools to achieve certain tasks given by the user. It uses a basic agent structure with GPT as an incorporated LLM for functioning, but it also has LLMs Llamma II and ChatGLM as backup. It has a class called Toolkit, which incorporates the description of the tools into the AI agent, with the function of adding tools to the toolkit. The agent is coded to respond in the following structure: thought, action, and observation. Thought is the general strategy for selecting tools to achieve the objective, action is selecting the tools to use, and observation is a description of how to use the tools to achieve the objective. The prompts of the description of the tools and the agent's role and task is engineered scientifically. Thus, given a task as its prompt, it is able to select given tools to achieve this task. 

For the K-means clustering catagorization AI, its purpose is to find the optimal number of categories for numerous pieces of given informaiton. It first incorporates multiple pieces of news information downloaded from Hugging Face and puts it into OpenAI for initial categorization and relative proximity score assignment. In this process, OpenAI first reads all the news pieces on the Hugging Face database and categorizes them into 5 categories, then goes through each news piece and gives a value representing its fittingness for each category. Next, a K-means clustering alorithm takes in these values as pieces of 5 dimentional matrices and clusters them into K categories, with K ranging from 2 to 30. Finally, a graph plots the total variance of every cluster for every value of K into a gradually decreasing graph. The elbow point of this graph is the optimal value of categories the news database should be categorized into. 
